you must understand why the bankruptcy
of the biggest property developer in the
world is actually going to affect
everybody and this is something that we
must pay attention to I'm going to break
down all the details of what happened
leading up to it I've been covering it
for years and now we have it official
this company has gone bankrupt there has
been another that's been affected and
I'm going to show you what could
potentially occur there are U.S banks
that are exposed to evergrant as well
I'm going to show you what's coming next
there is so much to this that we've got
to break it down right here and now no
time to waste let's begin first things
first China's property giant ever
grandfiles bankruptcy protection in
Manhattan court so there's a lot that's
been happening some recent developments
and I'm trying to bring you this
information as it comes out understand
that there is a crisis inside of China
with its real estate one thing after the
other has been going going on over these
past few years as soon as 2020 happened
the lockdowns all production stopped
this created an issue you have ever
Grant officially failing after all this
time oh people were laughing it off as
if all that was never going to be a
problem well you halt the stock you
basically hide any information publicly
available to everybody and of course
you're going to be able to push this
further down but guess what they can't
pay their bills now and so they're not
the only one and this starts to create a
Snowball Effect billions cannot be paid
back we need to understand this is not
small little bits here we're talking
about the biggest property developer in
the world their debt over 300 billion
dollars okay companies in the U.S are
exposed we'll get into that later on
today I just want to show you the
details of it China's heavily indebted
property developer ever Grand group on
Thursday file for chapter 15 Bank seat
protection in a U.S court right here you
could look at the bottom it says the
world's most indebted property developer
defaulted in 2021 and announced an
offshore debt restructuring program in
March this has been going on for a long
time they've been building all of these
buildings and then they were creating
all these different schemes if you're
here on the channel back then you know
exactly what I'm talking about they
created these new ways to get money in
the door oh you have a brother you have
a co-worker you have a sister we're
going to sell them this special product
get them in incentivize them with
anything possible and then as soon as
2020 happened the development stopped
people couldn't get their paychecks it
was kind of in a sense like a little
Ponzi scheme that was going on and then
they ran into this issue really really
quickly and so we're dealing with that
now a couple years later
okay you could see this um you know the
issues over here obviously this has been
going on for a long time it's not just a
new thing but it's one of many and as
they say here property sector Fallout
there's contagion inside of China's
property sector and we have to talk
about Country Garden now while this one
company evergrand is the biggest
property developer when you look at
Country Garden in fact there are more
developments that they have so they are
potentially affecting hundreds of
thousands of people that they have
bought these homes and they're likely
never going to get them because as I
covered in the previous video to this
one you've got a big issue look my name
is David gutierre and what I do here at
this channel for well over a decade is
break down all the details I make it
real simple I get rid of the jar again I
give you only what you need to know I
have develop things like the money
mirror method that we're able to allow
me to pinpoint the exact time frame in
which last year the markets hit their
bottom then I started telling my
mentorship group things looked a little
stretched right now and it seems as
though based on this indicator and that
indicator that we might see a little
pullback and so on and on I'm trying to
highlight the fact that I'm using the
right details and the right indicators
so that I'm able to bring that to you
all you got to do is hit subscribe down
below and you're going to get this front
and center I'm not going to hold
anything back okay the gatekeeper is not
here China's property troubles aren't
getting better intensifying calls for
Bolder policy help and that's what I
will bring up at the end of this episode
so you stick around you're going to
understand what I'm talking about you
gotta know the next phase of this new
home sales for the top one 100
developers in China dropped about by
about a third in June and July from a
year ago so what's that mean well you
know that the property issue last year
was bad but it's actually worse now it's
not it's not getting better it's not
slowly recovering that's not happening
it's actually getting worse double digit
growth earlier in the year and so they
you know boosted up for a period of time
no year over year getting worse you've
got ever Grand you've got Country Garden
and many other companies now it isn't
just that it extends out further into
what we talk about with the local
government financing Vehicles okay they
created these little debt packages and
now they want to put push everything off
into the local government that oh yeah
we're gonna make sure that we can just
shift this problem elsewhere brought it
up in the previous video
it's a little complicated in terms of
the jargon and so on
but understand that what happens inside
of China usually works on like a local
level because hey you're trying to
manage 1.4 billion people it's difficult
so they break this down into local
environments and when we look at that
though there's this incentive for them
to build and and grow but it comes at a
cost when there's a lot of fraud
happening and there's a lot of things
that you know aren't really been taken
care of and you could see that right
here and now when we get ahead of
ourselves China's Evergreen collapse
shows the need for one trillion dollar
Beijing rescue plan according to this
particular strategist and one trillion
dollars worth of course would be quite
significant compared to the total
overall size of the economy and
potentially they're going to get there
we will see what happens more on that in
a moment
who's affected by it you're probably
asking yourself well if ever Grande is
in China I don't need to worry because
that's a Chinese problem okay well what
about this this is back uh in 2021 by
the way when this was all starting to
come out like who's affected who's
affected BlackRock Royal Bank of Canada
Blu-ray Asset Management are among the
asset managers exposed to the embattled
developer China ever Grand group and it
just shows us that there's so many
different companies
um Fidelity xenopac held sizable
Investments as well so you can expect
that there are in fact a lot of
companies HSBC they mentioned in here
all Credit Suisse of course
um you can see that so actually it says
they had sold their position for Credit
Suisse so they escaped escaped in that
regard but the point is a lot of global
Banks are going to be exposed to Country
Garden they're going to be exposed to
ever Grand and all of these other
companies that's the way it works I
don't expect Mass exposure I don't
expect this huge domino effect that
suddenly ripples around the world I
expect something else
not that there's not going to be
problems
but I expect something to happen and
it's quite dangerous
let me show you this first
I want to talk about the China currency
problems first things first you got to
know that the yuan is weakening rapidly
this is a problem for their country they
want to keep it within a range they've
decided that this is the right range and
yet it's falling further against the US
dollar China is trying to boost it here
at this time and I could show you some
details around that China's targets the
Yuan bears with the most forceful fixing
guidance ever and I'm trying to
highlight this like what we're seeing
here are like extreme levels it's not
okay another day another day no no we're
getting most ever historic never been
done like all these things are coming up
daily reference rate raised for the
first time in successions authorities
told State Banks to ramp up their
intervention this week so they're all
doing this right now going ahead with it
and trying to stabilize their currency
at this time time as we see this chart
highlighted for us China's inward
foreign direct investment fell to a
record low in the second quarter so of
course we can look at this and of course
they're trying to stabilize it they're
trying to do something but we can see
what's happening it's very clear the
writing is clearly on the wall you could
look at China's imports and exports
they're going down down down and that
presents itself with an issue because
number one that tells us Imports they
don't have the income coming in domestic
consumption's not happening like people
they're not buying stuff Louis Vuitton
is not sending products to China as they
did before concrete copper steel
everything they need clearly are not
coming in as they did before and at the
same time they're exports meaning you've
got Global uh problems that are going to
affect them because less manufacturing
and so on that means potentially you
could take advantage of the circumstance
getting things on discount a lot of the
suppliers out there they produced way
too much and now they're sitting on bulk
inventory their inventory costs have
gone up as well not just in the United
States so you could potentially reach
out to them and strike a deal this is
possible they don't want to do a deal
but hey that's the circumstance they're
in
China police visits Shadow bank
investors at home to quash the unrest so
I was talking about this in the previous
video zon wrong well they missed their
payments and the police apparently
received names of clients across China
now
we don't know what's true and so on this
is from Bloomberg but I just wanted to
highlight the fact that look if they
want you to pay your bill
mainly apparently you're paying your
bills and if they want you to you know
go with their whole social credit score
thing you're going to do the whole
social credit score thing and if you are
protesting out there they're going to
know exactly who you are and they're
going to be able to shut you down they
know exactly what's going on this is the
world we live in today it's a concern
for sure
I wanted to highlight something
um on the previous video I showed you
the debt load being over 300 percent you
gotta understand that like there's
different levels of debt this chart I'm
showing you specifically is household
debt so China's household debt
63.3 this is uh in relation to their GDP
so the size of the economy and you look
at that it is at the global average so
people think that they're not indebted
oh the Chinese no no they they don't use
credit cards they don't use mortgages
doesn't work oh absolutely they do and
it's on average about a global standard
so I wanted to give you this this really
ties it all in and I've got um some
unfortunate news for people who
um you know they are bullish on
evergrant here we can see it Jimmy Jim
boy Kramer
oh dear I can tell you that's not gonna
happen China's not going to collapse as
big as those institutions are and
they're big they're not gonna be big
enough to bring down the whole darn
regime now I don't think that they're
going to bring the whole thing down I I
think something else is going to happen
but uh
Jim Cramer had the Voice's opinion and
uh you know about the inverse Kramer
index whatever he says the opposite is
actually more likely to be true but
anyway
I found that to be funny I wanted to
bring it to you as we look at what's
next
you're wondering potentially what is
okay and I believe there's two
possibilities
you have a collapse of everything inside
of China the real estate industry starts
to go down one by one all of the banks
start to fail one by one that has some
exposure outside of China you look at
like zero consumption happens inside of
China the whole thing grinds to a halt
we go major deflation and you know just
everything falls apart
for let's say a few years at least major
recession even worse that's one
possibility
but number two is we get massive money
printing massive scale
and this would be in the form of
stimulus measures tax incentives and
rebates
um you know actual intervention from the
government basically forcing Banks to do
this forcing businesses to do that
and you could have just generalized
quantitative easing where they are
pumping cash into the system buying up
and monetizing this debt what does that
mean for you well of course this means
that we will see high levels of
inflation this inflation is going to
have an impact globally there is a big
concern that what we see here will be
the start of the next level of global
inflation let me show you share this
with you
in 2009 China sparked Global reflation
in 2023 China is about to spark Global
deflation unless it goes Burr and we're
talking about the money printer and so
it remains to be seen what will happen
but I can tell you right now
the most likely action is a devaluation
of currencies worldwide as we see more
and more money going into stimulus going
that direction
not you know Prudence as the you know
one of the high level officials had
previously said Prudence we need
Prudence at this time didn't work out
that way and I do believe that this is a
concern for everyone if China starts
printing starts reducing interest rates
even more which they did
we're going to see this going on
globally we've already seen I believe it
was Brazil Chile and some others start
to go the other direction this is a big
concern of course because what does that
mean for you at home and people thinking
that we're going to have a massive
deflationary cycle that gives such great
opportunities to buyers to come in and
get things at discounts what if we're
about to go into
inflation that would make what we have
seen over the past couple years seem
like nothing do you see my concern do
you think that this is a possibility I
want to know your comments below okay
and then we have this which is
essentially where you're going to be
able to get all of the details what I
think about how the system works how I
was able to pinpoint the bottom in
October how I was telling my mentorship
group that hey this is something we
should be looking at we'll cover it week
to week casually but it seems to be at
least accurate so far all of that right
here in the money mirror method and on
the Discord as you will see coming to
the discourse totally free when you get
in you can ask me a question don't be
afraid to ask me a question when you
come on in say hi and I'm gonna message
you back okay I try to get back to every
single person that's where the community
is being built hit that link in the
description below and I'll see you there